# Introduce Environment

In this section, I'll describe the series of files and folders generated by Mod development, and what they do.

The first and most important file is `build.gradle`, which is the configuration file for Gradle. It specifies how the Mod project is built, what dependencies it has, and how it is configured.

One of the `minecraft` closures is about the configuration of Forge Gradle.

The ` mappings channel: 'snapshot', version: '20200514-1.16` configuration specifies the version of the mappings file to be used in this project, and I strongly recommend that you update the mappings file frequently. So what is a mappings file? Do you remember the `srg name` and `mcp name` that we mentioned before? The purpose of the mapping file is to provide a translation between `srg name` and `mcp name`.

`channel` means the category of the mapping file, and in most cases you should use `snapshot` to make sure your mcp name is up to date. In most cases, you should use `snapshot` (snapshot version) to make sure your mcp name is up to date, and then `version` is the specific version, in most cases a higher version of the game is compatible with a lower version of mapping, although the version number should not be too far off. There are also two other parameters that are commented out, which we'll leave aside for now.

Another thing you might use is `dependencies` configuration, if your mod needs to depend on another java library or another mod, you need to add content here, the specific way to add, the comments have already given a detailed example, so I won't say more here. The `minecraft 'net.minecraftforge:forge:1.16.3-34.1.0'` specifies the Forge version you need to use, if you want to upgrade the Forge version, you can modify the content of this line, the format of the version is `net.minecraftforge:forge:game_version-forge_version`.

The rest of the file is just like a normal `build.gradle`, if you want to know more about it, we recommend to learn Gradle.

The next folder is the `src` folder, this is where we put our code and resource files, the `main` folder is where we run the code and files, and the `test` folder is where we put the test code. The `main` folder is where we put our code, and the `resources` folder is where we put our material models and other mods, except for the code.

This is basically a standard `.minecraft` folder. It's worth noting that because the development environment has both Minecraft client and server code, they both share the `run` directory.

The rest of the `build` directory is worth mentioning. When you run the `build` task in the Gradle panel, your mods will be packed up and placed under `build=>libs`.

All remaining folders and files with `gradle` in them are required for Gradle to run and configure, please do not delete them.

